README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

I'm currently a Software Engineer at GitHub who loves building software that tackles important and interesting problems. 

When I started programming for the first time, I dove into various open-source repos on GitHub to learn how software development "worked" and eventually contributed to a few projects myself. On GitHub, I had a chance to collaborate and learn from developers across the world. Super surreal to work on a product that has helped me and many other developers learn and build!

Some past work that I'm proud of:
- created more accessible educational content for CS 61A as a Course Tutor as well as an Associate and Content Mentor in [Computer Science Mentors](https://csmentors.berkeley.edu/#/).
- led the engineering team at [Connect@Cal](https://connected.berkeley.edu/) where we are creating new tools to help students get connected to personalized resources more easily such as our AI chat bot and case management system.
- worked on the [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) Team on the [Runner](https://github.com/actions/runner) as a Software Engineering Intern where I designed, implemented, and launched the [composite run steps action feature](https://github.blog/changelog/2020-08-07-github-actions-composite-run-steps/)
- created several features at [Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/) that helped users checkout more easily
- created a technical analysis site that analyzes over 19 cryptocurrencies over 100 bullish and bearish signals at [Alpaca](https://alpaca.markets/).

Throughout these experiences, I've worked with C#, Python, Go, PHP, and JavaScript as well as frameworks/technologies such as .NET, Flask, and Docker to develop features for millions of people. 

In my free time, I love playing video games with my friends, cooking, and playing basketball.

For more info, check out the following links:
- website: https://ethanchiu.xyz/
- blog: https://ethanchiu.xyz/blog/
- linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ethanchiu/

Want to grab some coffee with me in San Francisco? Shoot me a DM at https://twitter.com/ChiuTweets

Commit message:

Create auto PR creation on link click

README.md, after:

### GitHub Actions Testing
Click [here](https://github.com/ethanchewy/ethanchewy/issues/new?title=😂&body=Just+click+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+That+is+it.) to change this emojii: 😀

////////
### Hi there 👋

I'm currently a Software Engineer at GitHub who loves building software that tackles important and interesting problems. 

When I started programming for the first time, I dove into various open-source repos on GitHub to learn how software development "worked" and eventually contributed to a few projects myself. On GitHub, I had a chance to collaborate and learn from developers across the world. Super surreal to work on a product that has helped me and many other developers learn and build!

Some past work that I'm proud of:
- created more accessible educational content for CS 61A as a Course Tutor as well as an Associate and Content Mentor in [Computer Science Mentors](https://csmentors.berkeley.edu/#/).
- led the engineering team at [Connect@Cal](https://connected.berkeley.edu/) where we are creating new tools to help students get connected to personalized resources more easily such as our AI chat bot and case management system.
- worked on the [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) Team on the [Runner](https://github.com/actions/runner) as a Software Engineering Intern where I designed, implemented, and launched the [composite run steps action feature](https://github.blog/changelog/2020-08-07-github-actions-composite-run-steps/)
- created several features at [Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/) that helped users checkout more easily
- created a technical analysis site that analyzes over 19 cryptocurrencies over 100 bullish and bearish signals at [Alpaca](https://alpaca.markets/).

Throughout these experiences, I've worked with C#, Python, Go, PHP, and JavaScript as well as frameworks/technologies such as .NET, Flask, and Docker to develop features for millions of people. 

In my free time, I love playing video games with my friends, cooking, and playing basketball.

For more info, check out the following links:
- website: https://ethanchiu.xyz/
- blog: https://ethanchiu.xyz/blog/
- linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ethanchiu/

Want to grab some coffee with me in San Francisco? Shoot me a DM at https://twitter.com/ChiuTweets
